---
slug: Terms and Conditions
title: Terms and Conditions
authors:
  name: John Muriu
  title: Swifttdial
  url: https://github.com/wgao19
  image_url: https://riovistakenya.com/images/team/john.png
tags: [terms, Conditions]
---

#### A Description Of All The Services Offered.
##### We offer: 
- Voice services 
- Bulk sms 
- Short code 
- USSD 

These Terms of Service (Agreement) set out the legally-binding terms and conditions for your use of the Services. This Agreement is effective on 1 January 2022 for all the Clients.



###### How To Access The Services. Is It Done Via The Website Or An App?
All our services are accessed through an API and through the website 
 To access and use the Services, you must create a User Account on the with us on muru tech .com.
The User Account shall be solely accessible using a username and password shared from us, and an API Key generated by the client on the User Account.
Client shall access the User Account over a secure HTTPS connection. They shall be fully responsible for the contents of their User Account, the API Key and their internal local area network and security setups, including configuration of firewalls and other protocols required to protect their network from hackers and malicious intrusion.

- The Clientele That Swiftdial Deals With.
We deal with both smes and corporates 

How To Register For The Services And The Information Required For Such Registration.
###### We will require:
 - A duly filled out KYC form;
 - A copy of its certificate of incorporation;
 - A copy of its tax identification number from the relevant tax authority;
- A form from the relevant companies registry indicating the shareholder and directors structure.

###### Do You Process Payments Made By Third Parties On Behalf Of Your Clients? If Yes, What Are Requirements, Methods And Currencies Accepted To Actualize The Same?
- Payments are processed through visa cards, direct bank transfers or mpesa. The currencies currently acceptable are ksh USD and NGN
###### Is There Use Of Credits? If Yes, How Do They Operate? How Are They Calculated? How Can One Top Up After They Are Depleted? Is Transfer Of The Same Allowed?
For use of credit, the client tops up on their own using a paybill number that we will provide. 
###### Is The Use Of The Platform On A Prepaid Basis? What Is The Payment Schedule In Place? What Are All The Fees That Accrue To A Client From The Use Of The Platform? Is There Interest Charged On Late Payments?
All payments are prepaid. If payment is not done in time the client will be disconnected until payment is made. 
All invoices are inclusive of tax 
###### How Is Payment Done?
Payments are processed through visa cards, direct bank transfers or mpesa. The currencies currently acceptable are ksh USD and NGN
<!-- ###### Is There A Deregistration Process? -->
<!-- #####What Are The Conditions For Suspension? -->

###### Is There Customer Support? If Yes, How Does One Lodge Complaints?
All complaints should be forwarded to support@muru tech .com
<!-- Is there use of promotional codes? If yes, how do they operate? -->
<!-- Is delivery tracking support offered? -->
<!-- Do you create a target customer list for your client at their request? -->

